Welcome to our Friday morning edition of
the Yahowah Vlog here in our Ocean Studio,
sitting above the Caribbean Sea.
It's my pleasure to be with you.
And my co-host once again is the
indomitable Wookie.
I have Asher at my feet.
Kara is seeing if she can eat through
the cords that are bringing this program
to you.
We'll see if she's successful as we go
through.
You'll know, I guess, if she's successful.
So we'll see how things play out.
But my pleasure to be with you.
We're going to continue in the tenth
Mizmowr.
It is a song of Dowd.
Actually,
I think we have just finished the tenth.
To tell you the truth,
we're about ready to start the eleventh
Mizmowr of our king, Dowd.
As we do,
the thing that was so amazing about the
previous one is it took a broadside right
to Christianity and to Judaism and Islam
and just
He gave them the hammer.
Yahowah says, no way, no how,
under any circumstances am I going to buy
into what you have done,
the terrible things that you have said
about me and how you've robbed my son
of his dignity,
stealing the titles Messiah and Son of God
and Savior, chosen one.
from Dowd,
to give it to either Bar Kokhba or
Jesus, and God's aware of it,
and he is displeased.
So let's see where the eleventh Mizmowr
will lead us.
But before I delve in,
I do want to speak briefly about where
the world is today.
It's really a concerning place.
We're only ninety days away from the
beginning of the time of Israel's
troubles.
And you look at around the world and
it's obvious that God got his timing right
in this regard.
It will begin on Shabbat,
which is the twenty second of May twenty
twenty six.
That is a Shabbat.
For the next seven years after that,
the world is going to be less and
less capable of supporting life.
All manner of horrible things are going to
happen,
most at the hands of belligerent men.
And it is particularly the time of the
most revolting man who will have ever
lived.
Well,
there are many who dislike this man and
others who adore him.
The fact of the matter is,
according to the prophets,
that Donald Trump is the great betrayer.
He is Rahab, to use Isaiah's terminology.
He is...
Literally the worst of the worst.
No one in all of human history will
be as destructive to human existence than
will be this man.
No one will be worse for Israel.
And you might say, oh, wait a minute.
He is starting another war on behalf of
Israel.
He moved the U.S.
Embassy into Jerusalem in his previous
term.
Yeah, he did some things like that.
And he has given the rhetoric of saying,
oh, yeah, I'm all for Israel.
But that's exactly what you would expect
of Satan.
to say one thing and do another.
The fact is that Trump has received
billions in bribes from the likes of the
Qataris, the Saudi Arabians,
the Emir of the United Arab Emirates and
And he is going to sacrifice Israel in
the end.
This is the choice that he has made,
and nothing is going to stop him.
I'm going to take the Wookie who I
think wants to get down.
Excuse me.
Fly, Wookie, fly.
All right.
So nothing's going to stop him from his
diabolical rounds.
And this is what we're going to expect.
It is, I suppose,
difficult for some people to recognize
that a man of his age could be
the person that Christians call the
Antichrist.
particularly since MAGA Christians damn
near worship the man.
But he is that man.
There is absolutely no question about it.
There are many prophets that speak of him.
In fact,
the tenth Mizmowr that we went over
yesterday describes him to a T.
So this is the time,
this is the man,
and I'm telling you the consequence.
And when you recognize that and you see
the American fleet sailing towards...
And you see the U.S.
Air Force position itself all around Iran
with all manner of weaponry.
And you see Israel chomping at the bit
to attack Iran again,
as if the first time wasn't enough to
tell them that's a really bad idea.
They are, what,
sixty percent of Israelis want to go to
war against Iran another time.
And what they're missing is where they are
on the calendar.
Pull out the calendar.
The prophets are clear.
The next seven years,
beginning the twenty second of May of this
year, is the time of Israel's troubles.
They say that two out of every three
Jews are going to die during this time.
It's going to be the worst time in
the history of the known world on behalf
of God's people.
Don't do stuff that is going to exacerbate
that problem.
Don't do it.
Don't go and kick the bee's nest.
Now, you might say, oh,
but we got to keep them from having
nuclear weapons.
That's the last of Israel's problems.
Yeah,
I viewed the realization that they were
developing a nuclear weapon as a
significant concern to Israel for years.
And I implore, I just implore.
deplore all of uh the talking heads that
are claiming that well it's unfair it's
just propaganda from israel that iran has
never had any intent to build a bomb
it's just total lie what nincompoops
nobody under any circumstances ever
enriches uranium beyond twenty percent for
any purpose other than a bomb
And you don't cripple your economy.
You don't undergo sanctions that are
crippling to enrich that uranium to above
sixty percent fissile purity,
which means it's within a week's time of
ninety percent,
which is bomb caliber uranium two thirty
five.
You don't do that.
Nobody does that.
That would be insane.
It's a hundred percent certain that they
enriched enough uranium for over thirty
nuclear bombs.
And that's the only reason they did it,
because the doctrine of the world had been
that you are subject to being destroyed
and attacked.
if you don't have nuclear weapons.
But if you do have nuclear weapons,
there really is nothing that a nation can
do.
That was the lesson of North Korea.
But unfortunately,
it does not always work.
It's just the reality of the situation.
And in this case,
Iran doesn't actually have to have a bomb
to destroy Israel.
As a matter of fact,
they are better served.
Not that I care about the Islamic
Republic.
In fact,
I despise the Islamic Republic without
despising the Persians that are trapped
within it.
But the very fact is that their Persian
intelligence,
has enabled them to create a vast array
of exceedingly sophisticated,
very effective,
from hypersonic missiles to everything
that could be devastating to Israel.
And that the nature of these missiles,
very few of which were deployed during the
last war,
as I know is five hundred missiles,
but it was a far more antiquated variety.
These changed trajectory.
They attack moving objects.
They
are much much faster the kinetic energy is
much greater the likelihood of
intercepting them is much slimmer and they
have thousands of them and they are vastly
more effective at causing the kind of
carnage that would destroy israel making
its cities impossible to live in uh then
wouldn't a nuclear attack and so
trying to stave off a nuclear attack is
stupid at this point.
It isn't going to happen.
They don't need to do so.
They won't to do so at this point.
They're gonna use their missiles and
you're gonna say, well,
then what we need is for either they
give up their missiles or we destroy their
missiles.
Oh my God, you can't be that stupid.
Really?
Do you think a nation,
is going to say that Israel has already
attacked, that America has bombed,
and say, oh yeah,
we'll give up all of our defensive
capability.
We'll just sit here and be vulnerable.
There's no nation on earth that would do
that, ever, under any circumstances.
It's insane to even request it.
Oh, but then you say, oh, well,
all we're going to do is they're a
bad, bad regime,
and they killed tens of thousands of
protesters,
and so we need to go and get
regime change.
A, no, they didn't.
B,
most of those protesters are the product
of the CIA and the Mossad,
as they have always been throughout time,
at least in the last nearly one hundred
years.
It's what the CIA and the Mossad do.
They cede dissent.
They armed dissent.
And the number killed is in the low
thousands, not tens of thousands.
And it's about equal on both sides.
And it was a protest that had a
zero percent chance of success.
None.
All it was is a pretext to attack
in Iran again.
need to understand that if you if you
think that the majority of iranians rose
up against their government because they
don't like wearing a hijab or they don't
like the socialistic practices of that
government or they don't want to be
muslims anymore you're out of your mind
it's not true it was so obvious in
watching those protests that it wasn't
even one percent
of the Iranians that were protesting their
government.
And those who were protesting were
violent.
And you can't do that if you're going
to prevail against an armed adversary like
the Islamic government of Iran.
It had a zero percent chance of success.
And may I remind you,
there has never been and will never be
regime change in the islamic world that is
favorable if you're dreaming of bringing
back the shah you're out of your gourd
they're not going to bring back a king
regime change in the islamic world goes
from bad to worse assad was bad the
islamic state is worse
Gaddafi was bad,
and now it's nothing but slave markets and
terrorist gangs fighting for control of
Libya.
Look what happened in Afghanistan.
We went from the Northern Alliance now to
the Taliban.
It doesn't work.
We replaced Saddam Hussein,
who was anti-Islam,
anti-fundamentalist Islam,
didn't allow any...
Islamic terrorists to take harbor in his
country.
And we replaced it by giving Iraq to
Iran.
We're really bad at regime change.
Look what happened in the Ukraine.
We replaced the pro-Russian government
because we wanted to use Ukrainians as
cannon fodder to go attack the Russians
and to have our war with Russia.
And look what happened.
Two million people are dead.
And Russia has all but destroyed not only
Ukraine,
but NATO as a result of CIA malfeasance.
You're not going to achieve regime change
in Iran.
It's a pipe dream.
Stop being stupid and think of the
consequence.
You do not have enough interceptors to
keep your people safe.
It might be great for Netanyahu.
He doesn't have to face trial.
He can stay and be popular.
He can pound his chest and pretend that
he's defending Israel.
And he can hide away in a bunker
underground.
But for the rest of you, this happens.
Tel Aviv is going to get hammered.
And all you're doing is inviting the great
jihad.
You know, if you
were to prevail and take it to Iran
and gloat over having beaten the Islamic
enemy, and you won't even say that,
you would speak sickly of the Islamic
regime of Iran,
all you're gonna do is turn the rest
of the Islamic world even more
aggressively against Israel,
such that the next jihad will be
devastating.
upwards of a thousand times worse than
this last one.
It won't be four thousand jihadists in
tennis shoes.
It's going to be upwards of four million.
Far better armed, far better prepared,
coming from all directions,
including inside Israel,
because if you do this thing,
the only way now to sue for peace
will be to forfeit the heartland of Israel
for an Islamic state.
So you need to think through what you're
trying to do.
Sixty percent of Israelis wanting it.
I'm telling you at this time,
under these circumstances, it's suicide.
I mean, what you didn't realize,
and I don't know why you can't realize
it, is that A,
Donald Trump is the great betrayer.
He has never found anybody in his entire
life that he didn't betray.
And Israel is going to be next.
You have to be able to understand the
future by perceiving what's occurred in
the past.
He is a confabulator.
He is demon-possessed.
He is a madman.
He cannot be trusted.
And you put yourself in a position,
Israel,
where you're essentially a vassal of
Donald Trump.
That is stupid.
But also think,
what did you do when you attacked Iran
the last time?
What was the consequence of you attacking
Iran the last time?
You turned China and Russia into your
enemies.
China was a formidable trading partner
with Israel.
Now they're your enemy.
You did many successful things in terms of
trying to tamp down the threats against
Israel with Russia.
Now they're your enemy.
China and Russia cannot allow Iran to be
destroyed.
China gets some thirty five,
forty percent of its oil from Iran.
And Russia uses Iran as a major trading
partner because of all the other
sanctions.
They are not going to stand idly by.
They have now supplied all manner of
military support to Iran.
So what are you going to do?
You know,
the fighters that you have off of the
carriers, they have a very limited range.
Most of them
under a thousand miles.
The F-Thirty-Five's about half of that.
And the F-Thirty-Five C's,
you can barely launch from your Gerald
Ford or any aircraft carrier because the
engines burn too hot,
the engines are too loud,
and the airplane is too heavy,
too aggressive,
and it's too destructive of the flight
deck.
So you're left with
The bees,
which are little hoppers that can go,
what, six hundred miles round trip.
Where are you going to do it?
What are you going to use them for?
You can't get anywhere.
And the A's require thirty five A's.
They require an airport.
Every Islamic nation around Iran has said
you can't use ours.
So what are you going to do?
You think you can get all this done
through B-2s?
Good luck with that.
No, it can't be done.
You know,
Iran's the size of Western Europe.
Nearly a hundred million people live
there.
This is absolutely foolhardy.
And you're going now against the teeth of
Russia and China.
I just shake my head and I think
of the dunderheadedness of people who are
supposed to be smart.
But these are people that, well,
you were taunted into destroying Gaza.
That is what Al-Aqsa flood was all about
on October seventh.
It was done exactly that way for no
other purpose than taunting Israel into
the destruction of Gaza.
And you did it.
You played the fool.
You went and destroyed Gaza.
and pounded your chest and said, hey,
this is what happens when you attack Jews.
You played into their hands.
They had it all set up.
They were calling you genocidal before you
even went into Gaza.
And then once you did,
you proved them right.
Now you can say, yeah, OK,
it was genocide by the International
Criminal Court's definition.
But a bully in the sandbox is genocidal
according to their definition.
The fact is that
virtually everyone around the world
believes that israel now is a pariah
nation they want israel destroyed they
have no interest in protecting israel you
don't even have support of the republican
party in the united states anymore even
that's has eroded all because you couldn't
restrain yourself you decided
attack.
You decided that the hostages were worth
more than the survival of Israel.
You were played for a fool, Israel.
You've turned the entire world against
you.
Anti-Semitism is the highest point it has
ever been and it is worldwide.
You have two billion Muslims whose
religion is devoted to your destruction.
You have
every bit of a billion maybe a billion
and a half marxist socialists who from the
beginning of socialism have been
anti-jewish in league with those muslims
including most democrats in the united
states and most politicians throughout
europe you put yourself in a horrible
position
And this next blow,
you engage in another war against Iran,
as sixty percent of you want to do,
and therefore Netanyahu is going to do it.
And Trump
will likely do so as well,
even though he is now being talked down
into a just a series of of strikes
that are said to move Iran into a
position of either regime change or
negotiations.
No.
It's not going to happen either.
So what now?
What now?
You just haven't thought it through,
but you haven't thought anything through
really since the Exodus.
During the Exodus,
you were belligerent against God.
You told him to shut up and go
away.
He did.
And now you're pretending that God has
your back.
No, he doesn't.
He's gone.
He left you.
He divorced you.
He's not coming back to you until you
come back to him.
And there's no signs that you're coming
back to him.
You erased his name.
You spit in his face.
You ignore his Towrah and replaced it with
your Talmud, which you call Towrah.
Judaism is the religion God hates most of
all.
And yet you pretend that it is somehow
godly.
So you put yourself in a terrible
position, Israel.
You're vulnerable.
The world's coming against you.
And that's a mixed bag here.
Let me tell you why it's a mixed
bag.
My job is to protect you.
I can't protect you unless I tell you
the truth.
My job is to call you home.
I can't do that unless I let you
know that you are very,
very far away from God at this point.
My job is to convince you that you
need to return to celebrating Yahowah's
name and that you need to come to
embrace Dowd as your Messiah,
as the son of God.
as the chosen one, as the returning king.
He's returning on October seventh,
Yom Kipurym, in year twenty thirty three.
You don't know that because you're still
hoodwinked into the Rambam's absurd
sanctification of the moon calendar and
you're one hundred ninety seven years off.
And it's obvious and you can't figure it
out.
It's just so damn embarrassing.
I'm saddened for you, really.
And every time I read anything in the
Towrah, Prophets and Psalms,
it's God saying, you know,
you just disgust me.
I did everything for you and you've done
nothing but spit in my face.
So I have to tell you the truth.
And ultimately,
I'm going to lay down my life to
save you, at least a remnant of you.
That'll happen on Taruwah in twenty thirty
three.
But between now and then,
my job is to educate you.
to tell you what you don't want to
hear, but what you need to hear.
So this eleventh Mizmowr,
it begins to the everlasting and majestic
guide, ha, Natsach
It's the single most common of the
introductions of the Psalms.
It is to the eminent and enduring
director.
And you can say that this is for
an orchestra and he is the conductor,
but there were no orchestras and
conductors.
He's writing this
to Yahowah.
He is the majestic guide.
He is the everlasting and eminent enduring
director.
It is of Dowd.
Dowd is the beloved.
You changed his name.
It's disgusting.
I have created a new version of the
paleo-Hebrew alphabet.
That's the pictorial alphabet that began
it all.
And we were dealing with transliterations
because what Israel has done and trying to
create a modern version of Hebrew is they
have come to recognize in the modern
version of Hebrew that, in fact,
I've been right all along and that Hebrew
is comprised of twenty-two letters of
which five are vowels.
And that the diacritical marks were
nothing but a rabbinical attempt to change
the message so that they could manipulate
it.
And they changed in particular the
pronunciation of the letters in Yahowah's
name.
Well,
the wah in Wowd that makes that od
sound is one of those letters.
They turned it into a V.
It's not a V.
There is no V in Yahowah's name.
and the Hebrew of the Towrah, Prophets,
and Psalms.
It is a wah.
They even turned the B, the Beth,
into a V as well.
But no, it does not exist.
They turned the Tazdeh, the TS,
into a Z.
But there is a Z in Hebrew.
It just manipulated the language horribly.
So I'm going to tell you that the
name of the king,
who is returning,
who is God's firstborn and beloved son,
according to God, who is the Messiah,
according to God,
and who is the chosen one,
according to Yahowah,
who just happens to be God,
that his name is Dowd.
It's not David.
It was written Daleth, Wah Daleth,
some seven hundred and fifty,
almost eight hundred times.
It is only written
with the addition of a yod after the
wa before the final daleth,
about two hundred and fifty times.
And all of those times were in books
that were written three to five hundred
years after the conclusion of Dowd's first
of three lives.
When Dowd wrote a psalm like he wrote
this one,
you will always find his name is daleth
wah daleth.
Dowd.
When someone like Yashayah,
who lived within three hundred,
two hundred and fifty to three hundred
years of this time,
he wrote it Dowd wah Daleth.
When Shamuw’el,
who was a contemporary of Dowd,
wrote Dowd's name,
it was Daleth wah Daleth.
It's Dowd.
It means beloved.
Of Dowd, the beloved.
That's the introduction with Yahowah.
And this is rather important for you to
know.
You erased Yahowah's name.
It is despicable.
It is reprehensible.
It is the greatest crime ever perpetrated
by the Israelites,
by those who refer to themselves as Jews.
You even wrote Yahowah out of your own
name and owed it.
You are Yahuwd, in plural, you're Yahuwdym.
Yahuwd is a compound of Yahowah and Dowd.
It means Yahowah's beloved.
You wrote Yahowah out of his own Towrah.
You removed his name from his prophets.
You removed his name from your name and
call yourself Jews as opposed to Yahuwd.
And you can complain all you want.
You say, no,
nobody knows how to pronounce it.
That's not true.
The rabbis came up with the Shoah system.
They call it Shiva system because they
can't pronounce any of the letters.
For the express purpose of deceiving you,
of changing the pronunciation of the yod,
the hey, and the wah.
but it's obvious because they couldn't
change the pronunciation of every word.
Are you familiar with this title called
Towrah?
Where do you think you get the O
sound in Towrah?
Why don't you look it up?
It's from the Wa.
The Ah is pretty self-explanatory,
isn't it?
It's in Towrah, isn't it?
When Yahowah introduced his name,
his one and only name, to Moshe,
what did he tell you it was based
upon?
the case of almost all important hebrew
names or titles god defines that name or
title and he tells you the basis of
it what did he tell you was the
basis of his name it's a verb you
know it how about Hayah you familiar with
Hayah yeah means to be to exist and
since hebrew doesn't have past present or
future tenses and all verbs are liberated
in time it means
In first person, it would be, I was,
I am, I always will be.
Hayah.
Now,
wouldn't Hayah tell you how to pronounce
the Yah, as well as the concluding Ah?
And Towrah tells you how to pronounce the
O?
Or how about that other word that you
say to each other?
Shalowm.
How do you think you get the O
sound in Shalowm?
Where does that vowel come from?
Why don't you look it up?
It's from a wah too
Dowd pronounced Yahowah's name.
He was God's beloved son.
He was the anointed Messiah.
He was the proclaimed king.
He is the returning king.
He is God's chosen one.
God said he was right.
And he pronounced Yahowah's name,
wrote Yahowah's name.
How is it possible?
that Yahowah and Dowd can both be wrong
and your rabbis can be right.
I'll wait.
You want to answer that question?
With Yahowah,
I find someone whom I can trust to
keep me safe.
Chasah.
I am comfortable.
I am restful.
I am reliant.
I'm at peace.
I'm protected in perfect harmony,
having properly placed my confidence.
Oh,
what a wonderful world is that confidence
thing.
Insecure people view confidence as
conceit.
Those who know Yahowah,
those who are well-versed in what he is
offering and expects in return,
one who study his testimony,
know that one of the things that God
wants most in us is to be so
observant and thoughtful that we come to
trust and rely upon him,
and we are therefore confident.
No one speaks for God that is wishy-washy,
that is humble, that is...
God doesn't do humble.
He doesn't do anonymous either.
And so Dowd says, in Yahowah,
I find someone I can trust to keep
me safe.
I am comfortable with Yahowah.
I have placed my confidence in him.
God does not want to be feared.
He wants to be known.
The better you know him,
the more confidence you can place in him.
The single thing that you must do to
be part of, well,
there's five conditions of the covenant,
but after walking away from Babel,
from religion and politics,
this intermixing of truth and lies to
confuse and confound,
the next thing you must do is come
to trust and rely on Yahowah.
Place your confidence in Him,
as opposed to religion,
as opposed to politics,
as opposed to the IDF.
Oh, by the way,
what did the IDF do for you on
October seventh of twenty three?
Why did they do nothing for eight to
ten hours?
Some say twelve.
Where were they?
Where were the Apache helicopters?
Where were the tanks?
Why didn't someone notice that that most
expensive barrier wall had been breached?
Why wasn't somebody reading Al-Aqsa Flood,
the preparation plan that Senwar and
others had written and distributed since
you had a copy of it?
Why didn't you take heed with all of
the warning that IDF enlisted gave you,
and yet your higher-ups paid no attention?
Why is it that the man who was
prime minister of Israel is still there
after bungling that response?
Why is the head of the Mossad the
same?
Why didn't you fire the head of Mossad
and the shin bit and military IDF
intelligence when they all let you down?
You know, when,
Four thousand or so Islamic jihadists and
mostly in sneakers came across that fence.
Why didn't you go behind them immediately
and seal that border?
Because they started at six in the
morning.
The second wave wasn't until two,
excuse me, until twelve.
And the third wave was around two o'clock
in the afternoon.
Why did you allow them to continue to
come in over hours?
Why didn't you allow,
why did you allow them to go back
into Gaza and take your hostages there?
Why do you trust the IDF now?
Yahowah says, don't.
Trust me.
That's what God says.
Dowd did.
Why can't you?
God chose Dowd.
He's the one that Yahowah prefers over all
others.
And he placed his confidence in Yahowah.
You won't even say his name.
How are you going to prevail?
How are you going to get him to
return if you won't even say his name
when you put more confidence in your
rabbis than you will God?
Hmm?
Rabbis who are nothing but parasites.
So why would you say of my soul,
flee to your mountain like a bird?
Mizmowr, lyrics to saying Psalm, 11:1
So why would you say,
how is it that you claim of my
soul, , my consciousness, my character,
my inner nature, my personality,
my aptitudes, flee, flutter away,
wander away aimlessly,
shake and lamenting while going astray to
your mountain like a bird?
Religious leaders would have, Dowd, David,
all but disappear.
That's what they want.
They want him to go away.
They'll read horrible renditions of his
psalms as prayers.
Not one of them is a prayer.
God doesn't even want you to pray.
And it has been the order of
religious leaders that when rabbi akiba
created his false messiah that caused rome
to come in and murder hundreds of
thousands of jews causing the diaspora
leading to the holocaust causing the land
to be renamed as palestina you know that
little problem that you have right now
that was all because rabbi akiba preferred
Bar Kokhba, son of a star.
Oh, yeah,
that's that star that you run around with.
It has nothing to do with David.
It has all to do with Bar Kokhba.
He was son of a star.
He chose him.
He preferred him.
He wanted Dowd to disappear.
Every prophecy says it's Dowd who is
returning and would have returned in
thirty three C.E.
year four thousand years to fulfill
Pesach, Matsah and Bikuwrym.
But you didn't want any part of that.
Nope.
You want to know just to go away,
to disappear.
You didn't like God saying that he was
his beloved son.
So you wrote a principle of Judaism that
says that God can't have a son.
Calling God a liar?
Obviously you are.
You're rooting for an unknown Messiah to
show up on an unknown date,
rather than knowing that Dowd is that
Messiah, according to Yahowah,
and that his return is on October second,
six, twenty-two PM,
as the sun sets in Jerusalem,
on Yom Kipurym,
in year six thousand Yahowah,
which is twenty-thirty-three.
It's obvious, but you don't know.
In Christianity, both Paul and Peter,
claimed that Dowd was buried and corrupt
and rotting in his grave so that they
were free to steal all of the prophecies
that pertain to him and all of his
titles.
And they did.
And they created Christianity by robbing
Dowd, the Messiah, the son of God,
and then robbing you of your inheritance
while demeaning and dehumanizing,
demonizing you so that they could rob you,
attack you, hate you.
create anti-Semitism,
which would lead to the Holocaust.
Anyway, for them, it was,
his life was a little more than an
aimless pursuit of personal grievances,
his words lamentable, his attitude,
that of an incurable complainer.
But most of all,
they are bothered by the fact that God
said of him and did through him everything
that they have sought to attribute to
themselves or to others.
They would have him flutter and fly away.
and then remain in a place that they
view with contempt, Zion.
The easiest way to stimulate, to simulate,
I should say,
this flight of fancy was to take that
which was redeeming from him and give what
God bestowed to him to another.
And so doing, at least in their eyes,
his life became irrelevant,
as did his kingdom, his titles,
his people, his purpose, his prophecies,
and his songs,
even his relationship as the son of God,
as the exemplar and enabler of the
covenant,
was reduced to be nothing more than a
forefather of a nameless Messiah.
He was a sperm donor, you know.
What had been written about him was spun
in the centrifuge of replacement theology,
or I call it replacement foolology.
They took the unrecognizable result and
they applied it to themselves,
their expectations,
their incarnation of salvation.
It became the basis of the New Testament.
And it was the inception of Judaism with
Rabbi Akiba and his false Messiah.
So in this regard, Dowd was observant,
but not the least bit amused.
He put us all on notice.
This is brilliantly written and vividly
depicted.
He wrote, indeed, behold,
those guilty of vexing religious
malfeasance, the Russia,
those who are wrong,
evil and hostile to God,
wicked and condemned for lack of ethics,
those who are culpable of horrid frauds
and massive crimes have bent the bow.
They have fashioned and aimed their arrows
upon the string to shoot through the
darkness and shadows.
Excuse me for flinching there,
but one of our lights moved about a
foot and my...
orchid here is about to blow over and
I'll just set it down and maybe it'll
be better and I won't have to flinch
as things start to fly by.
Occasionally here in the tropics, Rich,
we get a breeze.
Yeah, you're saying, hey,
I'm sitting inside.
It's no big deal for me.
You're just the mouth that moves.
I'm running the show.
The heck with you if you can't take
a little breeze.
Welcome to the tropics.
And so they've said, according to Dowd,
those who are religious,
those who are guilty of malfeasance,
they have bent the bow.
They have gone on the attack.
They have fashioned and named their
arrows.
upon the string to shoot through the
darkness and the shadows,
the depression and despair of being
unreceptive through the doom and gloom
derived from a lack of light at those
who are straightforward and correct in
their thinking and judgment.
Oh, they don't like it.
when you simply tell them the truth.
You know,
I listen to rabbis all the time because
social media makes them available to us
and they're pontificating all manner of
things.
And I will post them on a site
that is dedicated to denouncing them
because their own rhetoric proves that
they are full of it.
They are just unbelievably lost.
There is no correlation from what they say
and what God said.
They are doing nothing but antagonizing
God.
Until Israel,
you recognize that there is no solution.
There's no salvation.
There is no even endurance of Yahuwdym as
an ethnicity or Israel as a Jewish state.
So long as rabbis have influence in your
life and in your nation, and they do,
and they're nothing but blood-sucking
parasites.
You need to disown them.
You need to reject them.
And that is what Dowd is encouraging you
to do here.
So this is prophetically addressing a
number of things and all are related one
way or another.
It's addressing the horrible malfeasance
of the birth of Judaism under the rabbis
when Rome came a calling not once but
twice.
So this is also being critical of Imperial
Rome and the Roman Catholic Church that
was empowered because of what rabbis had
done and what Paul, as a failed rabbi,
did as well in writing the Christian New
Testament.
The Holy Roman Empire and all that would
grow out of this beast,
including Orthodox and Protestant
Christianity, European kingdoms,
and indeed the Third Reich,
And now the fourth Reich under Donald
Trump has bent the bow of religious
malfeasance and poured their arrows
directly at Yahowah's people, Yahuwdym,
people who refer to themselves now as
Jews.
The following statement is a rhetorical
question.
Dowd is asking us if we know the
most appropriate way to respond to what
Paul and his Roman Catholic Church have
done to demean and replace Yahowah,
his Towrah and his covenant.
Indeed, when the most basic principles,
the foundation and the essential elements,
that which frames and defines these very
issues, the means of support from shyth
that which is put in place,
appointed and fixed,
constituting the proper mindset and
response, when that is all torn down,
broken apart, dismantled,
demolished, destroyed, overthrown,
superimposed.
What should those who are right do?
What should the tsadyq do?
Hmm?
Mizmowr Psalm, 11:3
The most tsadaq of all men is Dowd
He wasn't always tsadaq, but of all men,
he was the most tsadaq.
He is the man that Yahowah called tsadaq
It isn't because he was always right,
but because in the end,
he was certainly more right about God than
any other.
Yes,
I know that he had his time where
he was tripping on his own,
on his own depression and likely
alcoholism.
But that was rectified.
And keep in mind,
from eight years old to the time he
was fifty-six to the time that he stumbled
over the whole Bathsheba affair and then
dealt poorly with the rape of his
daughter, the murder of his son,
and the Absalom rebellion as one after
another calamity,
which Dowd responded poorly to all of
them.
But he
was forty eight years from eight years old
to fifty six when that occurred that no
one was more devoted to the unification
protection teaching leading defending
Israel he was a magnificent prophet
marvelous songwriter
a man who was inspired by the very
spirit, the Ruwach of Yahowah,
and he had forty-eight years of living in
that spotlight.
And in the last fourteen years of his
life, at some point in it,
after the Absalom rebellion,
and he recovered from that,
he was visited, according to God,
by Yahowah's ‘Amah,
and then by her ma, the husband.
And that's when the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr
was delivered to him,
which resolved their separation,
where Dowd became right about not only
Yahowah again,
not only about the Towrah again,
not only about the covenant again,
not only about Yisrael and Yahuwdym again,
but most importantly,
right about himself again.
David, oh, by the way,
when we speak of the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr,
tonight is family hour for the Yahowah
blog.
We will bring that program to you
beginning at five o'clock Eastern Standard
Time, six o'clock Atlantic Time.
And we will be transitioning out of the
The one hundred and sixteenth Psalm,
which is Dowd's celebration of his
rightful return to his proper place with
Yahowah,
where he acknowledges that he's going to
fulfill Pesach through the death of his
physical body.
And then his soul is going to journey
into Sheowl to remove our guilt.
on Matsah,
and where he is indeed Yahowah's co-worker
in all of this,
and how he came to that realization.
It's the most magnificent song of
redemption ever.
But it is Ethan ha 'Ezrachy
collaboration with Yahowah.
that was ultimately responsible for
bringing adode back to his senses so that
he would be right again and we're going
to be celebrating that beginning this
evening on family hour and for many many
programs uh thereafter i'm making one
final trip through the eighty-ninth ms
more recognizing specifically what it was
designed to accomplish and who
collaborated with Yahowah to bring it
to us and to Dowd.
And it's really an exceptional awakening
as to who we are,
what time we are residing in,
what our relationship is with Dowd.
what Yahowah's relationship is with His
beloved Son,
and how the greater and lesser luminary
work together in this regard,
as well as how Yahowah has deployed people
in and out of His timeline.
You'll understand who Enoch actually was,
and how God kept His plan and people
in the proper position,
to enable the fulfillment of all that he
had to offer at the right moment in
time, so that in year four thousand year,
during the eightieth Yowbel, Dowd was able,
as promised, to fulfill Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym,
and that Shabuwah will take place either
this Shabbat of Shabuwah,
which is the twenty-second of May,
or the next Shabuwah,
which is the eleventh of June.
And the time of troubles will transpire
and they will conclude with the greatest
show on earth.
The Taruwah in-gathering followed by the
sacrifice of the Adamah Parah and
everything that is associated with all of
this here in the near future.
Just on the twenty fourth of September,
twenty thirty three,
less than eight years from now,
seven and a half years from now.
everything that God said is going to stay
on schedule.
He's going to return with David on Yowm
Kipurym
We're going to reenter the conditions of
Eden on Sukah, the seventh of October,
twenty thirty three.
So you're going to have an appreciation of
how Yahowah was able to keep his plan
on track without interfering with free
will or without
destroying,
ripping the fabric of the universe apart
by improperly dealing with time.
So here we are.
Dowd knew the answer to all of this,
which is why he was asking the question.
We know it too,
because we have read what Yahowah inspired
him to compose,
and having studied his response,
it should reflect our own.
And in this regard,
the Messiah and son of God is blatantly
and boldly confrontational, ever prepared,
willing and ready to expose and condemn
that which is Rasha wrong,
which is religious.
So let's be clear.
The most basic principles of the Towrah
have been assailed and dismantled by
Christianity and Judaism,
as well as by Islam.
It began with his name, the
Christian God would not be known as
Yahowah,
nor would the God of Judaism or of
Islam,
but instead as either the Lord Jesus
Christ, Hashem, or Allah.
The name was stolen, was replaced.
By the way, the only way that Yahowah
Name could be replaced and a religion
could be attributed to what was considered
the Old Testament and be based upon a
misappropriation of the prophecies of
Yahowah was for Jews to erase Yahowah's
name.
Had Jews not erased Yahowah's name,
Christianity would not exist.
Islam would not exist.
Had Jews not erased Yahowah's name,
Judaism wouldn't exist.
That's why it's the greatest crime ever
committed.
Yahowah's teaching and guidance would be
characterized by both Judaism and again by
Christianity as a laborious list of arcane
laws.
Both religions would say many were no
longer relevant and could neither be
obeyed nor would they save.
Yahowah's covenant was replaced with a new
and different one.
In the case of Judaism,
it was a religious covenant.
In the case of Christianity,
it was one with the Gowyim and the
church.
completely detached from the Towrah and
from Yisrael.
Its conditions and benefits would be
forgotten and annulled,
and each superseded by religious mandates.
The invitations to be called out and meet
with God, the Miqra'ey and the Mowedym,
they would suffer a similar flight,
each superseded by a Babylonian holiday
beginning with, well,
Christmas and Easter,
or in the case of Judaism,
with Purim and with Rosh Hashanah,
and a seven-day Passover as opposed to
Passover simply being the first day of
Chag Matsah.
Chag Matsah doesn't even exist on the
Jewish calendar,
and it's the most essential day.
They don't celebrate Bikuwrym.
They don't celebrate Shabuwah.
But they do celebrate Purim,
which is from the book that is just
absolute historical rubbish in Esther.
They celebrate Rosh Hashanah as the
beginning of their high holy days,
not knowing that it's the beginning of the
Babylonian new year and that God
established Taruwah and they don't even
know what Taruwah means.
They view
Yowm Kipurym, which they call Yom Kippur,
not knowing that it was always plural,
as a day of atonement, of affliction,
of abasement of one's soul,
as opposed to a day that we celebrate
Yowm Kipurym
reconciliation with Yahowah and the
reconciliation between Yahuwdym and
Yisraelites.
They have no idea that Sukah doesn't
represent four species, including an ugly,
sour, yellow, wrinkly fruit,
but instead represents a return to the
garden where a remnant of the Israelites
will be allowed in based upon what happens
on Taruwah.
Everything's been corrupted.
Christmas, Easter.
New Year's Day, Rosh Hashanah,
seven-day Passover, Purim, Hanukkah,
it's all perversions.
Don't like what God said,
so men have established their own
holidays.
The Shabbat was torn asunder as Sunday
came to resign as the Lord's Day.
And in Judaism,
the Shabbat became the most difficult
do-nothing day of the week as opposed to
a day to celebrate the relationship with
Yahowah.
Hebrew was discarded or created anew.
in favor of either a language now that
bears very little resemblance to the past,
or in the case of Christianity,
favor of Greek and then Latin.
And the truth was lost in translation.
Yisrael was demeaned and cast aside for a
Gentile church in one religion,
and it became an artificial construct upon
which to layer the Talmud and Judaism upon
in the other.
The intended relationship became a
fraudulent series of religions,
Christianity, then Judaism and Islam.
Truth gave way to faith.
Reliability became changeability.
Consistency was overthrown by
contradiction.
Even Dowd, Yahowah's beloved son,
chosen one, branch, protective shepherd,
set apart one, anointed Messiah,
sacrificial lamb,
and eternal king who is the returning
king.
The one that God said is not only
the exemplar of the covenant,
but the man who is the enabler of
the covenant,
which is the only way to have eternal
life.
He would all be mischaracterized,
robbed of these achievements and accolades
to make either Jesus or Bar Kokhba appear
credible.
And then after affording their Greek or
warlord a name and title, Christians,
then the practitioners of Judaism under
Akiba,
Deprived of his role as the Passover lamb,
negating their salvation.
Prayer,
which is defined as talking to God,
replaced Shama, listening to him.
God never asks you to pray to him,
but he does ask you to listen to
him.
Even the place where in the Towrah it
says, listen, Yisrael, your God is one.
Judaism,
you turn that into a goddamn prayer.
What in the hell's wrong with you?
Yeah.
Yabbering to God,
religious nonsense took president over
listening to him.
You wear boxes on your arms and your
forehead.
You have dangling threads from your waist.
You have curly cues from the side of
your hair.
You're in mourning suits.
Why?
None of that is discussed in the Towrah.
None of it.
You've corrupted it all.
You've made it all up.
From there,
it would be simply a matter of how
to bewilder the masses such that they
would reject the truth and believe in the
most perverted of lies and how you could
make money from that scheme.
Well, with Christianity,
God would be born as a baby on
Christmas Day.
Yeah, baby God.
Imagine that.
And a dead God, he would die.
A Christian God is so lame,
men could kill him.
Well,
the Jewish Messiah wasn't much better.
Men killed him too.
His symbol would be that of a dead
God on a stick.
Well,
and the other one would be a star.
The Passover lamb would be resurrected on
Easter Sunday.
Where in the Towrah does it say that
the Passover lamb is resurrected,
you idiots?
Resurrection is counterproductive.
The whole purpose of the Mow'ed Miqra'ey is
for you to be transformed out of these
physical bodies,
such as your soul is carried away in
light and in energy.
A physical body is nothing but a burden.
God, just stupid.
And even in Judaism,
there's the belief in a resurrection of
the body.
No.
Bodies can't leave this planet.
You're stuck here.
Bodies can't maneuver through time.
Bodies can't appear in the seventh
dimension, which is where Yahowah is.
That's the whole purpose of God's plan is
to enrich and empower us by transforming
us out of these physical bodies into light
and energy.
But he can't do that until enough of
us show that we're observant.
We pay attention.
We'll closely examine what God has had to
say.
We're thoughtful considering what he has
communicated to us.
And we're responsive,
willing to engage in the relationship,
not be religious, but responsive to him.
And that we can demonstrate that we're
reliable so that he can trust us with
all of that increased power that
additional dimensionality provides.
And that's the only way you're going to
explore this universe.
the adversarial lord satan then would
become worshipped as if he were god he
is hashem he is jesus he is allah
the chosen people would be condemned as
inferior by romans than roman catholics so
that the gentile church could be
predicated on these superstitions the
religions on supersessionalism of simply
incorporating religious lies into their
religious mantra the lies would be admired
the liars enriched while those refuting
them would be scorned and ridiculed
welcome to the here and now such that
these ms more psalms are here to tell
us what Gowyim
and Yahuwdym have become.
You know,
I think it was as recently as the
spring of twenty twenty that the Lutheran
Church's Danish Bible Society published a
revised translation of the Christian New
Testament called the New Agreement.
These anti-Semitic advocates of
replacement philology not only excluded
Yahowah's Towrah, his prophets and Psalms,
they excluded Israel.
According, just ignoring the oblivious,
ignoring the obvious,
that present day Israel is located within
the boundaries that God dictated,
and that the population is comprised of
Yahuwdym Jews,
and that their official language is
Hebrew,
even if they have perverted all of these
things.
that there are countless prophetic
declarations depicting Yahowah's ultimate
return to israel when israelites returned
to him the bible society justified their
conspiratorial animosity and rancid racism
by falsely claiming the ancient israelites
are not linked to any substantial or
material way to the contemporary modern
state of israel oh that would be
completely false but liars lie and lies
are popular
The biblical narrative of Israel has
almost nothing to do with contemporary
Israel, they wrote,
other than the international manipulation
of sacred text to justify a political
project.
That's cited from a speech given by
evangelical Lutheran church pastor Robert
O. Smith.
a future detainee in hell,
a stalwart of the World Council of
Churches, and a proponent of the boycott,
defestment,
and sanctions movement against Israel.
There's a reason that God is going to
hold these buffoons accountable.
There's a reason for judgment.
There's a reason that Sheowl exists.
It is for them.
When liars lie,
especially religious narcissists and
self-aggrandizing psychopaths,
they almost always project their own
faults on those they oppose.
This is precisely what occurred here.
It is what the Danish Bible Society is
trying to justify as a political project.
They have manipulated their tax to claim
for themselves something that has nothing
to do with them or with God.
At the same anti-Semitic conference,
a Fakistinian Lutheran pastor,
Mitri Rahib, chimed in,
it wasn't the Lord God who promised Israel
the land, it was the Lord Balfour.
He would indict himself further with,
Jesus was a Middle Eastern Palestinian
Jew.
That is akin to claiming that a camel
was the result of mating an extinct ass
with a lion.
And while I can't speak for the Lord,
Yahowah spoke of Yisrael, of Zion,
and of Jerusalem over three thousand times
in his Towrah,
promising to return to this very place on
behalf of his people.
And that day was known, Kipurym,
twenty thirty three.
And fortunately,
based upon what Dowd revealed in his
Mizmowr,
those of us who have come to love
what Yahowah adores will have to endure the
putrid presence of jaundiced verbiage of
those like these who oppose Yahuwdym and
Yisrael.
But to oppose Yahuwdym and Yisrael,
other than their politics and their
religiosity, is to oppose God.
Life is about exclusion and inclusion.
We are each afforded the opportunity to
choose between God and man,
and most have chosen the religions and
politics of men, particularly Jews.
Long ago,
some fourteen billion years looking back
from our relative position in the
universe, just six days from God's,
Yahowah made a decision that He would never
change.
Since He created the universe,
conceived life, authored His Towrah,
and offered His covenant to become part of
His family,
everything our Heavenly Father could do
with us or through us,
He would not do alone.
In heaven,
He has positioned and empowered us to
expose and condemn those who would do that
which He has warned against.
Whether or not we engage as he intended
is up to us.
But be aware.
Even through, or even though,
I should say,
Yah is leaving these decisions up to us.
Even though he is working through us.
He is absolutely aware of our choices in
this regard.
Particularly when they favor him or oppose
his people.
This will be our last statement from
today.
this marvelous Mizmowr Psalm,
the eleventh in this program,
as we then set apart the rest of
the day to prepare for your listening
family hour as we return to coming to
know who Ethan ha 'Ezrachy actually is,
how he relates to Chanowk Enoch.
and how he pertains to the ‘Amah of
Yahowah,
who was able to intervene on behalf of
Dowd and return God's son back into a
Tsadaq,
rightful relationship with his father.
That will be again this evening from our
library studio.
So it says Yahowah,
which is an accurate transliteration of
the name of God guided by His Towrah
instructions and His Hayah existence,
is in His Set-apart Sanctuary.
That's where He is now.
He is positioned within His separated and
uncommon residence from Yochol,
having the capacity and power to endure,
overcome, and prevail.
You need to know that Yahowah is
seven-dimensional.
All of Yahowah will not enter the six
dimensions of our universe.
He most certainly cannot enter
in totality the three-dimensional realm of
humans here on earth god cannot become a
man now god can project a tiny aspect
of himself he can project his nephesh soul
he can project his Ruwach spirit he can
project aspects of his life he light he
can project aspects of his voice he can
deploy his malak messengers to interact
with us but
The totality of God always results in the
seventh dimension.
It's just like if I draw a picture
on a piece of paper, I can't,
and that's in a flat realm of two-D.
As a three-D object,
I can't enter two dimensions.
I can use my pencil or Crayolas or
pen to interact with whatever I draw,
but I can't go there.
Yahowah's seven-dimensional.
He exists in his set-apart sanctuary in
Haskal Qodesh,
and he's positioned within that which he
has separated.
It's an uncommon resonance from Ya'aqob,
having the capacity and power to endure,
to overcome, and prevail.
And so Yahowah chose that he would
communicate to us through fire,
which is a manifestation of his light,
by projecting his Nepesh soul into...
a human presence for the purpose of dining
and communicating with the likes of
Abraham and Sarah.
And he would convey his power and
influence and protect through his Ruwach
spirit.
And he would use the heavenly implements
of Malak and Malakym,
these spiritual envoys,
heavenly messengers to do his bidding.
But for the most part,
God chose certain souls,
David was first and foremost among them,
Moshe was one of them,
but so is God's Nakar, his children,
all to communicate with his people.
So Yahowah's seat of honor, this says,
is in the heavens.
Yes,
Yahowah's place of authority is in Shamaym.
He uses his faculty of sight to perceive
what can be observed regarding the
agreement.
His eyes see beholding visions by choosing
to receive certain information,
conveying that message prophetically to
communicate for the purpose of perception
and discernment regarding his contractual
relationship.
His gaze, like a beam of light,
his glances like flashing rays,
examine and communicate through his
ability to jump through light to assess
the children of man.
There's more lyrics to sing.
Psalm...
And for most of the past three thousand
years, three thousand,
almost five hundred years,
God has been particularly hands off,
allowing man to do as he pleased.
He intervened to provide his prophetic
testimony through a group of about twenty
men.
Jeremiah, Yashayah, Zechariah, Howsha,
Malachi, Yoel, Dowd.
Moshe, of course,
are all wonderful examples of this.
And he has chosen to intervene from time
to time through other souls.
That's what God has done.
When the children of Israel had a
conniption fit,
when he spoke directly to them at the
base of Mount Chorab next to Moshe,
speaking out of that blazing light and
fire, children of Israel said, go away.
You scare us to death.
We don't want to see you again.
We don't want to hear from you again.
And God says, I get it.
Okay, no problem.
I'll speak through men of my choosing.
And he has, and he will.
And the rabbis are not those men.
So Yahowah consented to have his beloved
son, Dowd,
fulfill his obligation to serve as the
Passover lamb and to honor his promise on
behalf of the covenant regarding unyeasted
bread, firstborn children,
and the promise of seven.
And it was the man you're listening to
now who was the first to determine that
that was the case since he was also
the one who, three thousand years ago,
presented these conclusions to Dowd to
explain exactly who he was,
what he was going to do,
why he should do so.
And in a way that Dowd didn't just
say, you want me to do what?
Passover lamb thing does not sound like
any fun.
You want me,
my soul to go into hell to deliver
other people's guilt?
Yeah, of course, my own too.
Oh, thank you.
That doesn't sound like any fun either.
And yet he knew why it was the
right choice.
He not only accepted it as the thing
that he would do, he celebrated it.
And that's the very conclusion that I was
able to come to in studying the Towrah
prophets and Psalms,
getting to know Yahowah and getting to know
Dowd, coming to respect him.
And this is what he chose to do.
Of course, Yahowah has also, as I've said,
intervened through his Malakym spiritual
representatives to protect those who were
about his business.
That is why I can deliver this message
to you,
is why I survived writing now seven
volumes about Islam,
really nine all in total,
but five of those
published on the YadaYah.com website,
all free for your consideration,
the most complete, best documented,
most comprehensive,
only chronological presentation of the
Quran ever written to prove absolutely and
unequivocally that Yahowah was not Allah,
that Allah was not even a God,
and that Muhammad was not a prophet,
and that Islam is a
not only just a terrorist manifesto,
but a declaration of war against all
mankind.
And I was able to do that and
survive it because of the Malakym that are
positioned around me.
And I was able to expose and condemn
Christianity with the Twistianity series,
just as I wrote five books as goddamn
religion condemning Islam.
So I have written five that prove that
Christianity is totally fraudulent in
every possible way and that there never
was a Jesus.
And I've survived that as well.
So this is the purpose of the Malakym.
Now,
all of this isn't because Yahowah wanted it
to be this way,
but because we left him no other viable
option.
And although I think God actually likes it
better this way,
I think he enjoys finding people that he
can trust, people he enjoys working with,
people who have attributes that he finds
serviceable,
and he enjoys working through them.
After all,
then they have to be exposed to all
of the nastiness of religion and politics
where God can stay in Shamaym and watch
it all play out over time.
And now that we are approaching the time
of God's final return,
Yahowah is moving among His people,
inspiring those devoted to the prospect of
calling His people home.
And He is easier to find now than
ever before.
This is our mission.
This is what we're doing.
We'll return on Monday to this same
statement because I think it is powerful.
I think it is important for Jews to
know,
particularly as they make decisions as to
whether or not they're going to attack
Iran.
or whether they're going to rely on the
IDF,
or whether they believe that Yahowah has
their back and is protecting them at this
time, for you to know where Yahowah is,
why He is there,
why He made this statement,
and what you could do individually to earn
His respect and His protection,
so that you survive this next seven years
and are there with us upon His return
with Dowd.
Your Messiah, King, and Savior.
So I thank you for listening.
Look forward to being with you this
evening.
Please join us.
These many,
many different live stream channels.
I think at least four Facebook channels.
We will be live streaming on X,
on Facebook and on Patron and on Facebook.
rumble and uh what instagram and tick tock
we're we're in all of these places and
we look forward to seeing you there this
evening please join us thank you for
listening good day hey there thanks for
tuning in that was fetch gotta run now
catch y'all on our next podcast